README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) based school app bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app). It focuses on ACNH's best artist and dog: Keke Slider !

## Commands

### Development server
To run the development server while you are working (to spread Keke's glory), use:
```bash
npm run dev
```
Then open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to see the result.

### Lint
To check that your code follows Next guidelines (and ensure that Keke will like it), use:
```bash
npm run lint
```

### Cypress tests
To run our test suite (and make sure that you're honoring Keke properly), use:
```bash
npm run cypress:run
```

### Build for production
To build our ode to Keke for production, use:
```bash
npm run build
```

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

## About the project
This project uses this [ACNH API](https://acnhapi.com) to fetch all of Keke's known songs (using the [/songs](https://acnhapi.com/songs) endpoint).

Commit message:

docs: Adds live demo link to the README.md

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) based school app bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app). It focuses on ACNH's best artist and dog: Keke Slider !

## Commands

### Development server
To run the development server while you are working (to spread Keke's glory), use:
```bash
npm run dev
```
Then open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to see the result.

### Lint
To check that your code follows Next guidelines (and ensure that Keke will like it), use:
```bash
npm run lint
```

### Cypress tests
To run our test suite (and make sure that you're honoring Keke properly), use:
```bash
npm run cypress:run
```

### Build for production
To build our ode to Keke for production, use:
```bash
npm run build
```

## Live Demo
If you want to preview the app before committing and forking our project, you can try it by clicking [here](https://kekes-found-mixtapes.vercel.app/).


## About the project
This project uses this [ACNH API](https://acnhapi.com) to fetch all of Keke's known songs (using the [/songs](https://acnhapi.com/songs) endpoint).
